this is my family tattoo in belay and
mama motor this mount is our favorite
place to sit it gives us a great view
and we can see if any of our friends are
out playing Oh who's that ah it's the
ground hornbills I thought it was them
cuz they always look a bit strange when
they're walking
they call themselves birds but they seem
to like walking rather than flying he
has a very long beak but his face is all
red perhaps he's feeling hot with all
that walking
hi hon bill we're going to start a game
do you want to play oh he's too busy to
stop never mind
maybe another time bye ground hornbill
oh well let's keep looking for some
other friends oh I think I see someone
over there this way look is the warthog
family and their piglets
I'm sure they'll play I love warthogs
look at their funny little tails
sticking up in the air
they're coming over to get some shade
from the trees Jambo warthogs being a
big strong cheetah cub motor should
really find someone his own size to play
with the warthog could get hurt and we
don't want that to happen
oh he's disappeared he must be in one of
those holes having a rest hmm good idea
actually I think I could use a nap after
all that chasing